Stop talking nonsense
You want to rebel
I don't want to clash with you.
I want to see your number one officer in five minutes
Are you fucking sick?
Take your junk
No matter how dare you talk nonsense
Let's go
And so forth.
Shoot 1
Echikoshi fire
The arrest operation failed
Launch an undercover program
China is in awe of the commander's storage style
Confess all identities from now on
Perform a secret mission
Code name Qianlong
The mission objective is to approach Africa
Undercover Sleeper Villa
Coordinated Driver Respect Action
Activate Mosemicine
Single line contact online
But my prison
How can we approach the ancient decoration?
Hurry up.
Lights out now, insurance
This is new.
Take good care of uncle